* Wednesday, 04/19/2023
** 07:39

Yesterday, I went into the office for the first time in weeks for actual work.  It was a full-day onsite to plan for the next year.  It was a good experience; many of the things I worried about happening (prying questions, coldness) largely didn't happen.  There was some level of coldness but probably unrelated.   The biggest challenges for me will be to contain my need to be the smartest man in the room.   I contained this largely by acting like I was in the rooms; trying to listen, not reacting directly to what people were saying but responding after considering what was being said. When I had an over-reach, I would ask for help keeping my defects at bay.

Manny and I also had a bit of a hard conversation at night.  He told me he worries about me leaving him for someone in the program. I understand where the concern comes from, but wish I could show him how impossible that is given how much I love him. I really can't see myself with anyone else.   I also confessed about my nutty the other night where I checked to be sure he was home after seeing his car doppleganger when dropping Chuckie off after the meeting.  He was, understandably, a little hurt that there's part of me that lacks trust. I wish I could just shut that trauma boy off, but his voice defintely still affects me.  I'm hoping the more I read and through therapy things will quiet down.

Let's do a checkin on my character defects:

 Denial --- I worry about this one as it's subtle.  Are there things I know that are not actually true?
 Pusher --- This is a hard one for me to know if I'm doing it.  I don't *think* I'm pushing when it comes to moving in together or getting married or working the steps. I feel like I am on the ride and sharing that ride with others.
 Stalker --- This is essentially what I was doing when I checked on Manny the other night.  Definitely need work here.   Getting a better handle on my OCD should help.  When it comes to checking  on Manny, I need to act "as-if".  Act as if I don't have the untrusting trauma victim screaming in my ear and that I trust him 100% all of the time unless there's something that comes up (in which case we have a conversation).
 Lust --- I catch myself trying to peacock some at the gym to look for that affirmation.  I have no desire to act on it, but that seeking for validation when I'm not wanting for it at home (Manny gives it to me in droves) means I'm likely in my fear about my weight.  The easiest solution to that is to work on my weight.
 Ego --- This seems to come up the most when I do well or when people agree with me.
 Insecure -- my weight is driving this one crazy.
 Future tripping --- the little scenarios I play out in my head
